20171202-201806 year
swallow 燕子 The swallow is a migratory bird that returns to the same place every year to breed. 燕子是一种候鸟，每年都会回到同一个地方繁殖。 She took a sip of water and swallowed it. 她喝了一口水，然后咽了下去。

perish 灭亡 Many people perished in the earthquake. 许多人在地震中丧生。 The flowers will perish without water. 没有水，花朵就会枯萎。

seal 密封的 He sealed the envelope and put a stamp on it. 他密封了信封，贴上了邮票。 The container is airtight because it has a rubber seal. 容器是密封的，因为它有一个橡胶密封圈。

deposit 沉积物 He made a deposit of $100 into his bank account. 他在银行账户中存入了100美元。 The river left a deposit of mud on its banks. 河流在河岸上留下了泥沙。

skin 皮肤 She has very sensitive skin and burns easily in the sun. 她的皮肤非常敏感，在阳光下容易晒伤。 He peeled the skin off the apple before eating it. 他削掉苹果皮再吃。

crystal 晶体 The chandelier was made of crystal and sparkled in the light. 吊灯是用水晶制成的，在光线下闪闪发光。 Salt crystals formed on the surface of the water as it evaporated. 盐晶体在水蒸发时形成在水面上。

nest 巢 The bird built its nest in the tree. 鸟儿在树上筑巢。 She found a wasp’s nest in the attic. 她在阁楼上发现了一个黄蜂巢。

briskly 迅速地 She walked briskly to keep warm in the cold weather. 她迅速地走着，以便在寒冷的天气中保暖。 He rubbed his hands briskly to dry them. 他迅速地搓手使它们干燥。

corrosive 腐蚀的 The acid is highly corrosive and can burn through metal. 这种酸性很强，能腐蚀金属。 Salt water is corrosive to most metals. 盐水对大多数金属都有腐蚀作用。

ditch 开沟，抛弃 The car skidded off the road and landed in a ditch. 汽车滑出道路，陷入了沟里。 He ditched his girlfriend when he met someone else. 当他遇到别人时，他抛弃了女友。

leathery 似皮革的 The old man’s skin was leathery from years of working in the sun. 这位老人的皮肤因多年在阳光下工作而变得像皮革一样。 The leaves of the plant were thick and leathery. 这种植物的叶子厚实而似皮革。

outer 外面的 She wore an outer layer of clothing to protect against the cold. 她穿着外层衣服以防寒冷。 The outer planets of our solar system are gas giants. 我们太阳系的外行星是气态巨星。

refuge 避难 The refugees sought refuge from the war in a neighboring country. 难民在邻国寻求避难以躲避战争。 The cabin provided a refuge from the storm. 小屋为我们提供了避风港。

swiftly 很快地 She moved swiftly to avoid being seen. 她迅速移动以避免被看到。 The police acted swiftly to apprehend the suspect. 警方迅速行动，逮捕了嫌疑人。

flee 逃走 The thief fled when he saw the police coming. 当小偷看到警察过来时，他逃跑了。 Many people fled their homes when the volcano erupted. 当火山爆发时，许多人逃离了家园。

frantic 疯狂的 She was frantic with worry when her child didn’t come home on time. 当她的孩子没有按时回家时，她非常担忧。 He made frantic efforts to save his drowning friend. 他拼命地试图救他正在溺水的朋友。

stripe 条纹布 She wore a shirt with blue and white stripes. 她穿着一件蓝白条纹衬衫。 The zebra’s stripes help it blend into its surroundings. 斑马的条纹帮助它融入周围环境。

backward 向后的 She took a step backward to avoid tripping over something. 她向后退了一步，以免绊倒在某物上。 He looked backward over his shoulder as he walked away. 他走开时向后看了一眼。

attempt 企图 He made an attempt to climb the mountain but had to turn back due to bad weather. 他试图攀登这座山，但由于天气恶劣不得不返回。 She attempted to learn French but gave up after a few weeks. 她试图学习法语，但几周后放弃了。

reserve 储量 The country has large reserves of oil and natural gas. 这个国家拥有大量的石油和天然气储备。 He reserved a table at the restaurant for his anniversary. 他在餐厅预订了一张桌子，以庆祝他的周年纪念日。

power 推动 The engine powers the wheels of the car. 发动机为汽车的车轮提供动力。 The wind power industry is growing rapidly. 风力发电行业正在迅速增长。

allot 分配 The company allotted each employee a share of the profits. 公司将利润分配给每个员工。 She allotted an hour each day for exercise. 她每天分配一个小时锻炼身体。

nose 鼻子 She has a small nose and big eyes. 她有一个小鼻子和大眼睛。 The dog followed the scent with its nose to the ground. 狗用鼻子贴着地面跟踪气味。

dedication 奉献 He showed great dedication to his work and was promoted quickly. 他对工作表现出极大的奉献精神，并迅速晋升。 The new hospital was built with funds donated in dedication to her memory. 新医院是用捐赠的资金建造的，以纪念她。

punishing 严厉的 The team endured a punishing schedule of games and practices. 这支球队忍受了严酷的比赛和训练时间表。 He was given a punishing sentence for his crimes. 他因罪行而被判处严厉的刑罚。

busyness 忙碌 She thrived on the busyness of city life. 她在城市生活的忙碌中茁壮成长。 His busyness left him little time for relaxation. 他的忙碌使他几乎没有时间放松。

grocery 食品杂货店 She went to the grocery store to buy some food for dinner. 她去食品杂货店买晚餐。 He worked as a cashier at the grocery store. 他在食品杂货店当收银员。

delivery 递送 The delivery of the package was delayed due to bad weather. 由于天气恶劣，包裹的递送被延迟了。 She signed for the delivery and took the box inside. 她签收了快递，把盒子拿了进去。

intensive 加强的 He took an intensive course in Spanish before his trip. 他在旅行前参加了一门西班牙语强化课程。 The farmers used intensive methods to increase crop yields. 农民采用了集约化方法来提高农作物产量。

sought 寻找 She sought help from a therapist to deal with her anxiety. 她寻求治疗师的帮助来应对她的焦虑。 The company sought new investors to fund its expansion. 公司寻求新投资者来资助其扩张。

tempt 诱惑 The smell of freshly baked cookies tempted her to enter the bakery. 新鲜烤饼干的香味诱使她走进面包店。 He was tempted to quit his job and travel the world. 他很想辞掉工作去环游世界。

sacrifice 牺牲 She made many sacrifices for her children’s education. 她为孩子的教育做出了许多牺牲。 The soldiers sacrificed their lives for their country. 士兵们为国家献出了生命。

contempt 轻视 He showed contempt for the judge’s decision and refused to accept it. 他对法官的判决表示轻视，拒绝接受。 She had nothing but contempt for people who lied and cheated. 她对说谎和欺骗的人只有轻视。

deem 认为 He deemed it necessary to call a meeting to discuss the issue. 他认为有必要召开会议讨论这个问题。 She deemed it unwise to invest all her money in one stock. 她认为把所有钱都投入一只股票是不明智的。

trick 诡计 He played a trick on his friend and scared him. 他捉弄了他的朋友，把他吓了一跳。 She used a trick to remember the names of all the countries in Europe. 她用一个诀窍记住了欧洲所有国家的名称。

exploit 开发 The company exploited the natural resources of the area for profit. 公司为了利润开发了该地区的自然资源。 He wrote a book about his exploits as a mountain climber. 他写了一本书，讲述了他作为登山者的壮举。

competent 胜任的 She is highly competent in her job and always meets her deadlines. 她在工作中非常胜任，总是按时完成任务。 He was not competent to stand trial due to mental illness. 由于精神疾病，他无法胜任接受审判。

split 溜走 The group split up and went their separate ways after the trip. 行程结束后，这群人分道扬镳。 He split his pants when he bent over. 当他弯腰时，裤子裂开了。

shrink 收缩 The sweater shrank in the wash and no longer fit her. 毛衣在洗涤中收缩，不再合身。 The tumor shrank after treatment with chemotherapy. 化疗治疗后，肿瘤缩小了。

arrest 逮捕 The police arrested the suspect and took him into custody. 警方逮捕了嫌疑人并将其拘留。 She was arrested for shoplifting and taken to the police station. 她因入店行窃被捕并被带到警察局。

suspect 嫌疑犯 The police questioned several suspects in the murder case. 警方在谋杀案中询问了几名嫌疑人。 He became the prime suspect when evidence was found linking him to the crime. 当发现证据将他与罪行联系在一起时，他成为了头号嫌疑人。

vain 徒劳的 She tried in vain to open the jar. 她徒劳地试图打开罐子。 All his efforts to save the company were in vain. 他为拯救公司所做的一切努力都是徒劳的。

acknowledgement 感谢 She received an acknowledgement of her application in the mail. 她收到了一封邮件，确认她的申请已收到。 He sent a letter of acknowledgement to thank her for her donation. 他写了一封感谢信，感谢她的捐赠。

permanent 永久的 The damage to his leg was permanent and he would never walk again. 他腿上的伤害是永久性的，他再也不能走路了。 She decided to make a permanent move to the city. 她决定永久搬到城市。

radical 激进的 He proposed radical changes to the company’s structure. 他提出了对公司结构进行激进改革的建议。 The government faced opposition from radical groups who demanded more reforms. 政府面临来自激进团体的反对，他们要求更多改革。

vessels 血管 The blood vessels in his arm were visible through his skin. 他手臂上的血管透过皮肤可见。 The heart pumps blood through the vessels to all parts of the body. 心脏将血液通过血管输送到身体各部位。

plot 情节 The plot of the movie was complex and difficult to follow. 这部电影的情节复杂，难以理解。 She plotted her revenge against her enemies. 她策划了对敌人的报复。

operate 操作，手术 The machine is easy to operate and requires little training. 这台机器操作简单，几乎不需要培训。 The doctor operated on her broken leg to repair the damage. 医生为她骨折的腿做了手术，修复了损伤。

reserve 储备 He reserved a table at the restaurant for his anniversary. 他在餐厅预订了一张桌子，以庆祝他的周年纪念日。 The country has large reserves of oil and natural gas. 这个国家拥有大量的石油和天然气储备。

deteriorate 恶化 His health began to deteriorate after he was diagnosed with cancer. 在被诊断出患有癌症后，他的健康状况开始恶化。 The building had been left vacant for years and had deteriorated badly. 这座建筑物已经空置多年，严重恶化。

engage 从事 She engaged in a heated debate with her opponent. 她与对手进行了激烈的辩论。 He engaged a lawyer to represent him in court. 他聘请了一名律师在法庭上代表他。

authentic 真正的 The painting was confirmed to be an authentic work by Van Gogh. 这幅画被证实是梵高的真迹。 The restaurant served authentic Italian cuisine. 餐厅提供正宗的意大利菜肴。

property 财产 He inherited a large property from his grandfather. 他从祖父那里继承了一大笔财产。 She owns several rental properties in the city. 她在城市里拥有几处出租房产。

spite 不顾 In spite of the bad weather, they decided to go ahead with the picnic. 尽管天气不好，他们还是决定照常野餐。 She finished the race in spite of her injury. 尽管受伤，她还是完成了比赛。

glue 胶 He used glue to stick the pieces of the broken vase back together. 他用胶水把破碎的花瓶碎片粘在一起。 The pages of the book were stuck together with glue. 书的页码用胶水粘在一起。

contest 争辩 The election was contested by several candidates. 几位候选人参加了竞选。 She contested the decision and demanded a recount. 她对决定提出异议，要求重新计票。

pit 使竞争 The two teams were pitted against each other in the final game. 两支球队在决赛中相互对抗。 The new law pitted environmentalists against developers. 新法律使环保主义者与开发商对立起来。

creep 蔓延 The vines crept up the side of the house. 藤蔓沿着房子的一侧蔓延。 Fear crept into her mind as she walked through the dark alley. 当她走过黑暗的小巷时，恐惧慢慢爬上她的心头。

marsh 沼泽 The marsh was home to many species of birds and animals. 沼泽是许多鸟类和动物的家园。 He got lost in the marsh and had to be rescued. 他在沼泽地迷路了，不得不被救援。

greedy 贪婪的 The greedy businessman cheated his customers to make more money. 贪婪的商人欺骗顾客以赚取更多的钱。 He was greedy for power and would stop at nothing to get it. 他渴望权力，不择手段地获取它。

giant 巨大的 The giant redwood trees can grow over 300 feet tall. 巨大的红杉树可以长到超过300英尺高。 He caught a giant fish while on vacation. 他在度假时钓到了一条巨大的鱼。

pest 害虫 The farmer used pesticides to control pests in his fields. 农民使用杀虫剂来控制田间害虫。 Mosquitoes are a common pest in many parts of the world. 蚊子是世界许多地方常见的害虫。

harness 治理 The engineer harnessed the power of the river to generate electricity. 工程师利用河流的动力发电。 She harnessed her talents and started her own business. 她利用自己的才能创办了自己的公司。

foe 敌人 He faced his foe in a duel to the death. 他在决斗中面对敌人，直至死亡。 She considered anyone who disagreed with her a foe. 她认为任何不同意她意见的人都是敌人。

wage 开始 The country waged war against its neighbor. 这个国家对邻国发动了战争。 He waged a campaign to raise awareness about climate change. 他发起了一场运动，提高人们对气候变化的认识。

banner 标语 They marched under a banner that read “Justice for All”. 他们在一面写着“为所有人伸张正义”的旗帜下行进。 She hung a banner outside her store to advertise the sale. 她在商店外挂了一面横幅，宣传促销活动。

withstand 抵抗 The building was designed to withstand earthquakes. 这座建筑物被设计成能够承受地震。 She withstood the pressure and refused to compromise her principles. 她经受住了压力，拒绝妥协自己的原则。

march 行军 The soldiers marched through the town on their way to battle. 士兵们行军穿过小镇，前往战场。 He marched into the boss’s office and demanded a raise. 他大步走进老板办公室，要求加薪。

territory 领土 The cat marked its territory by spraying urine on the bushes. 猫通过在灌木丛上喷尿来标记它的领地。 The two countries disputed the ownership of the territory. 两国争夺领土的所有权。

bred 培育(breed过去式) The dog was bred for hunting and had a keen sense of smell. 这只狗是为狩猎而培育的，嗅觉敏锐。 She bred horses on her farm and sold them to riders. 她在农场上饲养马匹，然后卖给骑手。

patience 耐性 She showed great patience while teaching her students. 她在教学生时表现出极大的耐心。 He lost his patience and shouted at the children. 他失去了耐心，对孩子们大喊大叫。

interrupt 打断 She was interrupted while giving her speech. 她在演讲时被打断了。 He interrupted her to ask a question. 他打断她问了一个问题。

embark 从事 She embarked on a new career as a writer. 她开始了作家的新职业。 He embarked on a journey to explore the world. 他踏上了探索世界的旅程。

absence 缺乏 His absence from the meeting was noted by his colleagues. 他的同事注意到他没有出席会议。 The absence of evidence made it difficult to prove his guilt. 缺乏证据使得证明他有罪变得困难。

capture 捕获 The police captured the escaped prisoner. 警方抓获了逃犯。 The photographer captured the beauty of the sunset in his picture. 摄影师在照片中捕捉到了日落的美景。

hang 悬挂 She hung her coat on the hook by the door. 她把外套挂在门边的钩子上。 He hung the picture on the wall above the sofa. 他把画挂在沙发上方的墙上。

engage 保证 He engaged to pay back the money he owed within a month. 他保证在一个月内还清欠款。 She engaged a tutor to help her children with their studies. 她聘请了一名家教来帮助孩子们学习。

relief 减轻，解除 She felt a sense of relief when she heard that her friend was safe. 当她听说朋友安全时，她感到一阵宽慰。 The medicine provided relief from her headache. 这种药物缓解了她的头痛。

immerse 专注的 She immersed herself in her studies and graduated at the top of her class. 她专注于学习，以班级第一名的成绩毕业。 He immersed himself in the culture of the country he was visiting. 他沉浸在他所访问国家的文化中。

painstaking 艰苦的 She put in many hours of painstaking work to complete the project. 她花费了许多艰苦的工作时间来完成这个项目。 He conducted a painstaking search for evidence to prove his innocence. 他进行了艰苦的搜查，以寻找证据证明自己无罪。

distract 分心 The noise outside distracted him from his work. 外面的噪音使他无法专心工作。 She tried to distract the baby with a toy while she finished her phone call. 她试图用玩具分散婴儿的注意力，以便她完成电话通话。

display 显示 The store had an attractive display of fruits and vegetables. 商店里有一堆吸引人的水果和蔬菜陈列。 The museum had a display of ancient artifacts from Egypt. 博物馆展出了来自埃及的古代文物。

strive 努力 She strived to be the best in everything she did. 她努力做到她所做的一切都是最好的。 He strived for perfection in his art. 他在艺术上追求完美。

promotion 晋升 She received a promotion and became the manager of her department. 她获得晋升，成为部门经理。 He was passed over for promotion and decided to look for another job. 他被忽略晋升，决定另找工作。

compile 编译的 He compiled a list of all the books he wanted to read. 他编制了一份他想读的所有书籍的清单。 She compiled a report on the company’s financial performance. 她编写了一份关于公司财务业绩的报告。

marvel 奇迹 She marveled at the beauty of the sunset. 她惊叹于日落的美景。 He marveled at the advances in technology since he was a child. 他惊叹于自他小时候以来科技的进步。

curse 诅咒 She cursed her bad luck and wished she had never come. 她诅咒自己的厄运，希望自己从未来过。 He cursed under his breath when he realized he had forgotten his keys. 当他意识到自己忘记了钥匙时，他低声咒骂。

deck 甲板 She sat on the deck of the boat and watched the waves. 她坐在船的甲板上，看着海浪。 He shuffled the deck of cards and dealt them to the players. 他洗牌并发给玩家。

naval 海军的 The naval base was heavily guarded and off-limits to civilians. 海军基地戒备森严，平民禁止进入。 He joined the naval academy to become an officer. 他加入海军学院成为一名军官。

wreck 失事的船，迷幻的 The wreck of the ship was discovered on the ocean floor. 船只失事后被发现在海底。 He was a nervous wreck after the accident. 事故后他紧张得一塌糊涂。

sink 下沉 The ship began to sink after hitting an iceberg. 船撞上冰山后开始下沉。 She washed her hands in the sink and dried them on a towel. 她在水槽里洗手，然后用毛巾擦干。

sank 沉陷(sink过去式，过去分词sunk) The boat sank to the bottom of the lake. 小船沉到了湖底。 His spirits sank when he heard the bad news. 当他听到坏消息时，他的情绪低落。

crew 一起工作的人 The crew of the ship worked together to keep it afloat. 船员们齐心协力，使船保持浮力。 She joined the film crew as an assistant director. 她作为助理导演加入了电影摄制组。

stack 烟囱 Smoke rose from the stack of the factory. 烟雾从工厂的烟囱中升起。 He stacked the boxes neatly in the corner. 他把箱子整齐地堆放在角落里。

tragic 悲剧的 The tragic accident claimed many lives. 悲惨的事故夺去了许多人的生命。 She wrote a book about her tragic experiences during the war. 她写了一本书，讲述了她在战争中的悲惨经历。

troop 军队 The troops were sent to restore order in the region. 军队被派遣去恢复该地区的秩序。 He joined the army and served with a troop in Afghanistan. 他参军，在阿富汗服役于一支部队。

undertake 承担 She undertook to complete the project within six months. 她承诺在六个月内完成这个项目。 He undertook a dangerous mission to rescue hostages. 他承担了一项危险的任务，营救人质。

decoration 装饰 She put up decorations for the holiday party. 她为假日聚会布置装饰。 He received a medal as a decoration for his bravery in battle. 他因在战斗中表现勇敢而获得一枚勋章作为装饰。

identifiable 可辨认的 The suspect was easily identifiable by his distinctive tattoo. 嫌疑人因其独特的纹身而容易被辨认。 The bird was identifiable by its bright red feathers. 这只鸟因其鲜艳的红色羽毛而容易被辨认。

afar 遥远的 She could see the mountains from afar. 她可以从远处看到山脉。 He traveled from afar to attend the conference. 他从远方赶来参加会议。

sharp 变形 The knife was sharp and cut through the meat easily. 刀很锋利，轻松切开肉。 She had a sharp mind and could solve problems quickly. 她头脑敏锐，能迅速解决问题。

hover 犹豫 The helicopter hovered above the building. 直升机在建筑物上方盘旋。 She hovered between hope and despair. 她在希望和绝望之间徘徊。

surveillance 监督 The building was under surveillance by the police. 这座建筑物受到警方的监控。 He was placed under surveillance after being released from prison. 他出狱后被监视起来。

constraint 约束 The budget constraints limited what they could do. 预算限制了他们能做的事情。 She felt constrained by the strict rules of her religion. 她觉得自己受到宗教严格规定的约束。

dipped 浸，泡 She dipped her toe in the water to test the temperature. 她把脚趾浸入水中测试水温。 He dipped the brush in the paint and began to paint the wall. 他把刷子浸入颜料中，开始刷墙。

board 甲板 She walked across the board to reach the other side of the river. 她走过木板，到达河的另一边。 He nailed a board over the broken window to keep out the rain. 他用钉子把木板钉在破窗户上，以防雨水进入。

dealing 交易 His dealings with the company were always honest and fair. 他与公司的交易总是诚实公平的。 She was accused of illegal dealings and faced criminal charges. 她被指控非法交易，面临刑事指控。

confront 面对 She confronted her fears and faced them head-on. 她直面恐惧，勇敢应对。 He confronted his boss about the unfair treatment he had received. 他与老板当面对质，谈论自己所受到的不公正待遇。

address 应对 The government promised to address the issue of homelessness. 政府承诺解决无家可归的问题。 She addressed the audience and thanked them for their support. 她向观众致辞，感谢他们的支持。

contain 包含 The box contained a surprise gift for her birthday. 盒子里装着一个生日惊喜礼物。 The report contained important information about the company’s finances. 报告中包含有关公司财务状况的重要信息。

acquaintance 了解 She struck up an acquaintance with her new neighbor. 她与新邻居结识了。 He had a passing acquaintance with several famous writers. 他与几位著名作家有过一面之缘。

sufficient 足够的 She had sufficient funds to pay for her trip. 她有足够的资金支付旅行费用。 There was sufficient evidence to convict him of the crime. 有足够的证据证明他犯有罪行。

appropriate 适当的 She wore an appropriate dress for the occasion. 她为这个场合穿了一件合适的裙子。 He used appropriate language when speaking to his elders. 他在与长辈交谈时使用了适当的语言。

loan 贷款 She applied for a loan to start her own business. 她申请了一笔贷款来创办自己的公司。 He repaid the loan within a year. 他在一年内还清了贷款。

sensible 明智的 She made a sensible decision to save her money for the future. 她明智地决定为未来储蓄钱财。 He wore sensible shoes for the long hike. 他为长途徒步穿着舒适的鞋子。

utility 公共事业 The utility company provided electricity and gas to the city. 公用事业公司为城市提供电力和天然气。 She paid her utility bills on time every month. 她每个月都按时支付公用事业账单。

dime 一角硬币 She found a dime on the sidewalk and picked it up. 她在人行道上发现了一枚一角硬币，捡了起来。 He didn’t have a dime to his name and was completely broke. 他身无分文，一贫如洗。

bill 账单 She paid her credit card bill in full every month. 她每个月都全额支付信用卡账单。 He received a bill for the medical treatment he had received. 他收到了一张医疗费用账单。

poetry 诗 She wrote poetry in her spare time and had several poems published. 她在空闲时间写诗，并发表了几首诗歌。 He enjoyed reading poetry and often attended poetry readings. 他喜欢阅读诗歌，经常参加诗歌朗诵会。

wage 工资 The minimum wage was increased to help low-income workers. 最低工资提高以帮助低收入工人。 She earned a good wage and was able to support her family. 她挣得不错，能够养家糊口。

salary 工资 He received a salary increase after his promotion. 他晋升后获得加薪。 She negotiated a higher salary when she accepted the job offer. 她在接受工作邀请时谈判获得了更高的薪水。

elementary 基本的 She taught elementary school for many years. 她教小学多年。 He had only an elementary knowledge of the subject and needed to study more. 他对这个主题只有基础知识，需要更多学习。

petroleum 石油 The country’s economy depended on its petroleum exports. 这个国家的经济依赖于石油出口。 The price of petroleum increased due to global demand. 由于全球需求，石油价格上涨。

irrational 不相关、 His fear of spiders was irrational but he couldn’t help it. 他对蜘蛛的恐惧是不合理的，但他无法控制。 She became irrational and started shouting when she was angry. 当她生气时，她变得不理智，开始大喊大叫。

strive 努力 She strived to be the best in everything she did. 她努力做到她所做的一切都是最好的。 He strived for perfection in his art. 他在艺术上追求完美。

convey 传达 She conveyed her condolences to the family of the deceased. 她向死者家属表示哀悼。 He conveyed the message to the rest of the team. 他将信息传达给了团队其他成员。

concept 观念 She had a clear concept of what she wanted to achieve. 她对自己想要实现的目标有清晰的概念。 He struggled to understand the complex concepts in the book. 他努力理解书中复杂的概念。

fruitful 富有成效的 The meeting was fruitful and many decisions were made. 会议富有成效，做出了许多决定。 She had a fruitful career as a scientist and made many important discoveries. 她作为一名科学家，拥有富有成效的职业生涯，并取得了许多重要发现。

innovation 创新的 The company was known for its innovation and cutting-edge technology. 公司以创新和尖端技术而闻名。 He introduced many innovations to improve the efficiency of the production process. 他引入了许多创新来提高生产过程的效率。

instruction 指导 She followed the instructions carefully and assembled the furniture correctly. 她仔细遵循说明书，正确组装家具。 He gave clear instructions to his team on how to complete the task. 他向团队清楚地指示如何完成任务。

tutor 辅导 She hired a tutor to help her son with his math homework. 她雇了一名家教来帮助儿子完成数学作业。 He worked as a tutor to earn extra money while in college. 他在大学期间当家教来赚取额外收入。

pupil 学生 The teacher praised her pupil for his hard work and dedication. 老师表扬了她的学生，因为他勤奋努力。 The school had a strict policy on pupil behavior and discipline. 学校对学生行为和纪律有严格的政策。

facilitate 促进 The new software facilitated communication between team members. 新软件促进了团队成员之间的沟通。 She facilitated the meeting and made sure everyone had a chance to speak. 她主持会议，确保每个人都有发言机会。

batch 一批 The factory produced a batch of defective products. 工厂生产了一批次品。 She baked a batch of cookies for her friends. 她为朋友们烤了一批饼干。

assume 承担 He assumed responsibility for the project and made sure it was completed on time. 他承担了项目的责任，并确保它按时完成。 She assumed the role of leader and guided the team to success. 她承担了领导角色，引导团队取得成功。

discriminate 歧视 The law prohibits employers from discriminating against employees on the basis of race or gender. 法律禁止雇主基于种族或性别歧视雇员。 She felt that she had been discriminated against because of her age. 她觉得自己因年龄而受到歧视。

in spite of 尽管 In spite of the bad weather, they decided to go ahead with the picnic. 尽管天气不好，他们还是决定照常野餐。 She finished the race in spite of her injury. 尽管受伤，她还是完成了比赛。

gain 利益 He gained a lot of experience from his internship at the company. 他在公司实习期间获得了很多经验。 She gained weight after she stopped exercising regularly. 她停止定期锻炼后体重增加。

fulfillment 履行 She found fulfillment in helping others and making a difference in their lives. 她在帮助他人、改变他人生活中获得满足感。 He achieved fulfillment by pursuing his passion for music and becoming a successful musician. 他通过追求音乐激情。

seize 逮住 The police seized the stolen goods and returned them to their rightful owners. 警方查获了赃物并将其归还给合法拥有者。 He seized the opportunity to start his own business. 他抓住机会创办了自己的公司。

flawed 有缺陷的 The plan was flawed and failed to achieve its objectives. 这个计划有缺陷，未能实现其目标。 She realized that her argument was flawed and needed to be revised. 她意识到自己的论点有缺陷，需要修改。

statistic 统计的 The statistics showed an increase in the number of people living in poverty. 统计数据显示，生活贫困人口数量增加。 He used statistics to support his argument. 他用统计数据支持自己的论点。

transfer 传输 She transferred money from her savings account to her checking account. 她从储蓄账户向支票账户转账。 He transferred to a different school for his senior year. 他在高中最后一年转学到另一所学校。

compensate 赔偿 The company compensated the employees for their lost wages. 公司赔偿员工损失的工资。 She received compensation for the injuries she sustained in the accident. 她因事故中受伤获得赔偿。

comprehensive 综合的 She conducted a comprehensive study of the subject and wrote a detailed report. 她对这个主题进行了全面研究，并撰写了详细的报告。 The insurance policy provided comprehensive coverage for all types of damage. 保险单为各种损害提供全面保障。

assess 评定 The teacher assessed the students’ progress and gave them feedback. 老师评估学生的进步并给予反馈。 He assessed the situation and decided to call for help. 他评估了情况，决定呼救。

presumably 大概 Presumably, he will arrive on time for the meeting. 大概，他会准时到达会议。 She was not at her desk, so presumably she was in a meeting. 她不在办公桌旁，所以大概她在开会。

overstate 夸大 He overstated his qualifications and was not hired for the job. 他夸大了自己的资历，未能获得这份工作。 The benefits of the new policy were overstated and did not live up to expectations. 新政策的好处被夸大了，未能达到预期。

pinpoint 查明，精确的找到 The doctor was able to pinpoint the cause of her illness. 医生能够准确查明她疾病的原因。 She was able to pinpoint the location of the missing hiker on the map. 她能够在地图上精确找到失踪登山者的位置。

agony 苦恼 The agony of defeat was written all over his face. 他脸上写满了失败的痛苦。 She was in agony after breaking her leg. 她腿断了后痛苦不堪。

scratch 擦伤 The cat will scratch if you pull its tail. 如果你拉它的尾巴，猫会抓你。 I got a scratch on my arm when I was hiking. 我在徒步旅行时手臂擦伤了。

fatigue 疲劳 Fatigue can greatly impair a person’s ability to drive. 疲劳会严重损害一个人的驾驶能力。 The doctor said my symptoms were caused by fatigue. 医生说我的症状是由疲劳引起的。

physician 内科医生 The physician prescribed some medicine for my cold. 内科医生为我感冒开了一些药。 She is a well-respected physician in her field. 她是她领域内受人尊敬的内科医生。

toll 征收 The toll for crossing the bridge is five dollars. 过桥费是五美元。 The war took a heavy toll on the country. 战争给这个国家带来了沉重的损失。

prescribe 开处方 The doctor prescribed antibiotics for my infection. 医生为我的感染开了抗生素。 Only a licensed physician can prescribe medication. 只有持有执照的内科医生才能开药。

antibiotics 抗生素 Antibiotics are used to treat bacterial infections. 抗生素用于治疗细菌感染。 Overuse of antibiotics can lead to antibiotic resistance. 过度使用抗生素会导致抗生素耐药性。

presumably 大概 Presumably, he’ll be back at work next week. 大概他下周会回来工作。 The package will presumably arrive tomorrow. 包裹大概明天会到达。

shortcut 捷径 We took a shortcut through the park to get home faster. 我们走公园的捷径回家更快。 There are no shortcuts to success. 成功没有捷径。

liberate 解放 The army liberated the city from enemy control. 军队解放了这座城市，使其脱离敌人控制。 Education can liberate people from poverty. 教育能使人们摆脱贫困。

perspective 观点 It’s important to consider other people’s perspectives. 考虑他人的观点很重要。 From my perspective, the situation is not that bad. 从我的角度看，情况并不那么糟糕。

susceptible 易受影响的 Children are more susceptible to colds than adults. 儿童比成人更容易感冒。 Some plants are more susceptible to disease than others. 有些植物比其他植物更容易患病。

hinder 阻碍 Road construction hindered our progress. 道路施工阻碍了我们的进展。 Lack of funding hindered the project. 资金不足阻碍了项目的进行。

salaries 薪水（salary复数） Salaries vary widely depending on the job and location. 薪水根据工作和地点而有很大差异。 Many people are unhappy with their salaries. 许多人对自己的薪水不满意。

slip 滑动 Be careful not to slip on the wet floor. 注意不要在湿地板上滑倒。 I slipped on the ice and fell. 我在冰上滑倒了。

prescription 处方 I need to get my prescription filled at the pharmacy. 我需要在药房拿药填写处方。 The doctor wrote me a prescription for pain medication. 医生给我开了止痛药的处方。
